Adding new slots for Notification Tray integration (#644)
edx/frontend-component-header: src/plugin-slots/StudioHeaderSearchButtonSlot/README.md

# Studio Header Search Button Slot

### Slot ID: `org.openedx.frontend.layout.studio_header_search_button_slot.v1`

## Description

> This slot is used to replace/modify/hide the action items in the studio header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This slot is used to replace/modify/hide the search button in the studio header.
```
